docs(security): updates content for securing kafka access (#10071)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/security/assembly-securing-kafka-clients.adoc

// assembly-securing-access.adoc

[id='assembly-securing-kafka-clients-{context}']
= Configuring user (client-side) security mechanisms

[role="_abstract"]

> When configuring client-side security mechanisms, clients are represented as users.

Reviewer: I do not think client-side security mechanism makes really sense.

```suggestion
When configuring security mechanisms in clients, clients are represented as users.
```
